concepts: filter: update for style (#1486)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: concepts/data-pipeline/filter.md

---
description: Modify, enrich or drop your records
---

# Filter

> In production environments you want to have full control of the data being collected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In production environments you need full control of the data you're collecting.
```
my two cents but feel free to ignore :)

    style C stroke:darkred,stroke-width:2px;
```

> Filtering is implemented through plugins. Each available filter could be used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filtering is implemented through plugins. Each available filter can be used to
```
(alternatively: "you can use each available filter to..."?)

> match, exclude or enrich your logs with specific metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
match, exclude, or enrich your logs with specific metadata.
```

Fluent Bit support many filters. A common use case for filtering is Kubernetes

> deployments. Every pod log needs the proper metadata associated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deployments. Every pod log needs the proper metadata associated with it.
```
